To do:
in Work: I changed atm to bar without changing any values like mass or whatever.  Reccomend checking values

MAKE RMS BE CONSISTANTLY GOTTEN - currently you have the dot speed function which uses pxToMS and the 3/2kT = 1/2mv^2 way.  NOT OKAY
OR - just calculate px to ms based on the 3/2kt stuff and v->t conversion (tconst I guess)


Change equation CE to something that matches well with BR, LIKE /P?


in ideal gas eqs: boltzmann constant: K -> K_{b}

Clear up how walls border and extend border 

At some point, make graph point data be stored using Point class rather than having .x, .y attribute in set.  Seriously

---
make sign is V\Delta Pext negative
P_sys to just P
so we have Pext and P instead of Pext and Pint
Label pictures state 1, state 2
make fonts in pictures smaller, more Pext out of system to top of piston

do expansion step after compression

give answer box for slope of T vs. V graph
from the graph, slope 
from the equation, slope is

add on to end
Now we'll look at expanding the same system, calculate work

make saveState function 


For quizes - make make it so once a question is answered correctly, that is stored so you can have multiple multipe choice questions
make bg stay colored once correct answer selected for question

make rms extend Math

accomidate multiple questions for mult choice, buttons

for srs reset, it may be easiest to just start at the block and have it run through all prompts up to current one.  It's icky, but it's that or tracking down what exactly needs to be added
well, or have an 'addedBy' attr

make readdress data to change source lists for a set on graphs.  Use this to keep same graphs between prompts/blocks/whatever

Need to make nice setup preservation scheme
	perhaps: instead of remove, just have deactivate listeners, and all block/prompt listeners have block/prompt stuff in name so they aren't overwritten.
	Wall would be an exception.  Would need to copy reference on walls store object or something.  
	Would save all listeners active at that prompt when leaving.
	When going to a prompt, would check if there were saved listeners for it.  That means that user had been there.  
	Then can have reactivate listener.  Can exec all things in that.  init and reactivate could probably be made to be the same thing.  Could just be activate